[REG-1969] Working with Bot Sequences via the new UI docs (#89)
Regression-Games/RegressionDocs: docs/core-concepts/bot-sequences/getting-started-with-bot-sequences-and-segments.mdx

sidebar_label: 'Getting Started With Bot Sequences and Segments'
---

import SequenceCard from './img/sequence_card.png';
import SequenceDeleteDialog from './img/sequence_delete.png';
import CreateSequenceButton from './img/create_sequence_button.png';
import ReloadIcon from './img/reload.png';

# Getting Started With Bot Sequences and Segments

> A **Bot Sequence** is a series of automated actions that can be used to assert certain behaviours or outcomes within your game. Sequences are composed of individual actions, called Segments, which are executed in order.

Author: nice one, updated!

![Bot Sequence List in RGOverlayCanvas](img/sequences_list.png)

## Starting A Bot Sequence

> After [adding the RGOverlayCanvas prefab to your scene](../the-in-game-overlay.mdx), click on the small Williward face icon to open the overlay. With the overlay opened, you can see the list of Bot Sequences that are available to you. Each Sequence is represented by a card, with three possible actions:

Reviewer: mention something about the icon being in the toolbar, so the user can easily locate it.

also I don't think we need that "in-game overlay" section anymore if we're including how to add it in the getting-started section and go over its functionality here. I'd link to that installation section instead

```suggestion
After [adding the RGOverlayCanvas prefab to your scene](../the-in-game-overlay.mdx), click on the Williward icon in the toolbar to open the overlay. With the overlay opened, you can see the list of Bot Sequences that are available to you. Each Sequence is represented by a card, with three possible actions:
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can specifically name this the "RG Toolbar" both here and in the installation guide?

Author: @abeizer good call on the wording. I've updated that and also the link to the installation section

Author: @vontell RG Toolbar it is!

- **Play**: Start the Bot Sequence, beginning with its first Segment

> - **Edit**: Open the Bot Sequence in the Sequence Editor (see the next section)

Reviewer: Instead of "see next section" we can link to the relevant section

Author: done!

Author: my bad, I added a link to some other text that needed it. These have been updated now

- **Delete**: Delete the Bot Sequence file from your project (see the next section)

<div style={{width: '100%'}}>
<img src={SequenceCard} alt="Sequence Card" style={{display: 'block', width: '300px', margin: '0 auto'}} />
</div>

## Creating and Modifying Bot Sequences

### Within Unity

> Click the "Create a new Sequence" button, with the overlay open, to create a new Bot Sequence in our Sequence Editor.

Reviewer: Personal philosophy: reducing the amount of commas(/sentence fragments/whatever you want to call them) we need to use will make the sentence read more easily

```suggestion
With the overlay open, click the "Create a new Sequence" button to create a new Bot Sequence in our Sequence Editor.
```

Author: the less the merrier!

<div style={{width: '100%'}}>
<img src={CreateSequenceButton} alt="Create Sequence Card" style={{display: 'block', width: '300px', margin: '0 auto'}} />
</div>

<br />

> Within the Sequence Editor, you can add, remove, and reorder Segments. The available Segments can be searched for by text, and are added to the Sequence by dragging them from the list on the right to the Sequence in the middle of the editor. When a Sequence is played, it will execute its Segments from top to bottom.

Reviewer: > can be searched for by text

name? description? both?

Author: good call, by name. Updated!

> Within the Sequence Editor, you can add, remove, and reorder Segments. The available Segments can be searched for by text, and are added to the Sequence by dragging them from the list on the right to the Sequence in the middle of the editor. When a Sequence is played, it will execute its Segments from top to bottom.

Reviewer: This page in its current state introduces segments without explaining what they are

Reviewer 2: @abeizer this ticket specifically asks for overlay docs - the details about segments and sequences will be covered by a different ticket. I am breaking down my docs ticket into more pieces to make this more apparent!
